 To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2024 for military 
activities of the Department of Defense for military construction, and 
   for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
   military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other 
                               purposes.

    Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the 
United States of America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS.

    (a) Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024''.
    (b) Table of Contents.--The table of contents for this Act is as 
follows:

Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents.
Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents.
Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees.
Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act.
            DIVISION A--DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS

                          TITLE I--PROCUREMENT

              Subtitle A--Authorization of Appropriations

Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations.
                       Subtitle B--Army Programs

Sec. 111. Report on Army requirements and acquisition strategy for 
                            night vision devices.
Sec. 112. Army plan for ensuring sources of cannon tubes.
Sec. 113. Strategy for Army tactical wheeled vehicle program.
Sec. 114. Extension and modification of annual updates to master plans 
                            and investment strategies for Army 
                            ammunition plants.
Sec. 115. Report on acquisition strategies of the logistics 
                            augmentation program of the Army.
                       Subtitle C--Navy Programs

Sec. 121. Reduction in the minimum number of Navy carrier air wings and 
                            carrier air wing headquarters required to 
                            be maintained.
Sec. 122. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds for Navy 
                            port waterborne security barriers.
Sec. 123. Multiyear procurement authority for Virginia class submarine 
                            program.
Sec. 124. Sense of Senate on procurement of outstanding F/A-18 Super 
                            Hornet platforms.
                     Subtitle D--Air Force Programs

Sec. 131. Limitations and minimum inventory requirement relating to RQ-
                            4 aircraft.
Sec. 132. Limitation on divestiture of T-1A training aircraft.
Sec. 133. Modification to minimum inventory requirement for A-10 
                            aircraft.
Sec. 134. Modification to minimum requirement for total primary mission 
                            aircraft inventory of Air Force fighter 
                            aircraft.
Sec. 135. Modification of limitation on divestment of F-15 aircraft.
Sec. 136. Report on Air Force executive aircraft.
Sec. 137. Prohibition on certain reductions to inventory of E-3 
                            airborne warning and control system 
                            aircraft.
       Subtitle E--Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters

Sec. 141. Pilot program to accelerate the procurement and fielding of 
                            innovative technologies.
Sec. 142. Requirement to develop and implement policies to establish 
                            the datalink strategy of the Department of 
                            Defense.
Sec. 143. Report on contract for cybersecurity capabilities and 
                            briefing.
         TITLE II--RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION

              Subtitle A--Authorization of Appropriations

Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations.
    Subtitle B--Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations

Sec. 211. Updated guidance on planning for exportability features for 
                            future programs.
Sec. 212. Support to the Defence Innovation Accelerator for the North 
                            Atlantic.
Sec. 213. Modification to personnel management authority to attract 
                            experts in science and engineering.
Sec. 214. Administration of the Advanced Sensors Application Program.
Sec. 215. Delegation of responsibility for certain research programs.
Sec. 216. Program of standards and requirements for microelectronics.
Sec. 217. Clarifying role of partnership intermediaries to promote 
                            defense research and education.
Sec. 218. Competition for technology that detects and watermarks the 
                            use of generative artificial intelligence.
             Subtitle C--Plans, Reports, and Other Matters

Sec. 221. Department of Defense prize competitions for business systems 
                            modernization.
Sec. 222. Update to plans and strategies for artificial intelligence.
Sec. 223. Western regional range complex demonstration.
Sec. 224. Report on feasibility and advisability of establishing a 
                            quantum computing innovation center.
Sec. 225. Briefing on the impediments to the transition of the Semantic 
                            Forensics program to operational use.
Sec. 226. Annual report on Department of Defense hypersonic capability 
                            funding and investment.
Sec. 227. Limitation on availability of funds for travel for office of 
                            Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel 
                            and Readiness pending a plan for 
                            modernizing Defense Travel System.
Sec. 228. Annual report on unfunded priorities for research, 
                            development, test, and evaluation 
                            activities.
Sec. 229. Establishment of technology transition program for strategic 
                            nuclear deterrence.
Sec. 230. Review of artificial intelligence investment.
                  TITLE III--OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE

              Subtitle A--Authorization of Appropriations

Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations.
                   Subtitle B--Energy and Environment

Sec. 311. Requirement for approval by Under Secretary of Defense for 
                            Acquisition and Sustainment of any waiver 
                            for a system that does not meet fuel 
                            efficiency key performance parameter.
Sec. 312. Improvement and codification of Sentinel Landscapes 
                            Partnership program authority.
Sec. 313. Modification of definition of sustainable aviation fuel for 
                            purpose of pilot program on use of such 
                            fuel.
Sec. 314. Payment to Environmental Protection Agency of stipulated 
                            penalties in connection with Naval Air 
                            Station Moffett Field, California.
Sec. 315. Technical assistance for communities and individuals 
                            potentially affected by releases at current 
                            and former Department of Defense 
                            facilities.
Subtitle C--Treatment of Perfluoroalkyl Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl 
                               Substances

Sec. 321. Treatment of certain materials contaminated with 
                            perfluoroalkyl substances or 
                            polyfluoroalkyl substances.
Sec. 322. Increase of transfer authority for funding of study and 
                            assessment on health implications of per- 
                            and polyfluoroalkyl substances 
                            contamination in drinking water by Agency 
                            for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry.
Sec. 323. Modification of authority for environmental restoration 
                            projects at National Guard facilities.
Sec. 324. Limitation on availability of travel funds until submittal of 
                            plan for restoring data sharing on testing 
                            of water for perfluoroalkyl or 
                            polyfluoroalkyl substances.
Sec. 325. Dashboard of funding relating to perfluoroalkyl substances 
                            and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
Sec. 326. Report on schedule and cost estimates for completion of 
                            testing and remediation of contaminated 
                            sites and publication of cleanup 
                            information.
Sec. 327. Modification of timing of report on activities of PFAS Task 
                            Force.
Sec. 328. Government Accountability Office report on testing and 
                            remediation of perfluoroalkyl substances 
                            and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
                 Subtitle D--Logistics and Sustainment

Sec. 331. Assuring Critical Infrastructure Support for Military 
                            Contingencies Pilot Program.
Sec. 332. Strategy and assessment on use of automation and artificial 
                            intelligence for shipyard optimization.
                   Subtitle E--Briefings and Reports

Sec. 341. Critical infrastructure conditions at military installations.
Sec. 342. Report on establishing sufficient stabling, pasture, and 
                            training area for the Old Guard Caisson 
                            Platoon equines.
Sec. 343. Quarterly briefings on operational status of amphibious 
                            warship fleet of Department of the Navy.
Sec. 344. Briefing on plan for maintaining proficiency in emergency 
                            movement of munitions in Joint Region 
                            Marianas, Guam.
                       Subtitle F--Other Matters

Sec. 351. Continued designation of Secretary of the Navy as executive 
                            agent for Naval Small Craft Instruction and 
                            Technical Training School.
Sec. 352. Restriction on retirement of U-28 Aircraft.
Sec. 353. Tribal liaisons.
Sec. 354. Limitation on use of funds to expand leased facilities for 
                            the Joint Military Information Support 
                            Operations Web Operations Center.
Sec. 355. Modifications to the Contested Logistics Working Group of the 
                            Department of Defense.
Sec. 356. Establishment of Caisson Platoon to support military and 
                            State funeral services.
Sec. 357. Limitation on availability of funds pending 30-year 
                            shipbuilding plan that maintains 31 
                            amphibious warships for the Department of 
                            the Navy.
Sec. 358. Modification of rule of construction regarding provision of 
                            support and services to non-Department of 
                            Defense organizations and activities.
Sec. 359. Modifications to military aviation and installation assurance 
                            clearinghouse for review of mission 
                            obstructions.
              TITLE IV--MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS

                       Subtitle A--Active Forces

Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces.
Sec. 402. End strength level matters.
Sec. 403. Extension of additional authority to vary Space Force end 
                            strength.
                       Subtitle B--Reserve Forces

Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve.
Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on active duty in support of the 
                            Reserves.
Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status).
Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on 
                            active duty for operational support.
              Subtitle C--Authorization of Appropriations

Sec. 421. Military personnel.
                   TITLE V--MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY

                  Subtitle A--Officer Personnel Policy

Sec. 501. Authorized strength: general and flag officers on active 
                            duty.
Sec. 502. Prohibition on appointment or nomination of certain officers 
                            who are subject to special selection review 
                            boards.
Sec. 503. Exclusion of officers who are licensed behavioral health 
                            providers from limitations on active duty 
                            commissioned officer end strengths.
Sec. 504. Updating authority to authorize promotion transfers between 
                            components of the same service or a 
                            different service.
Sec. 505. Effect of failure of selection for promotion.
Sec. 506. Permanent authority to order retired members to active duty 
                            in high-demand, low-density appointments.
Sec. 507. Waiver authority expansion for the extension of service 
                            obligation for Marine Corps cyberspace 
                            operations officers.
Sec. 508. Removal of active duty prohibition for members of the Air 
                            Force Reserve Policy Committee.
Sec. 509. Extension of authority to vary number of Space Force officers 
                            considered for promotion to major general.
Sec. 510. Realignment of Navy spot-promotion quotas.
Sec. 511. Modification of limitation on promotion selection board 
                            rates.
Sec. 512. Time in grade requirements.
Sec. 513. Flexibility in determining terms of appointment for certain 
                            senior officer positions.
                Subtitle B--Reserve Component Management

Sec. 521. Alternative promotion authority for reserve officers in 
                            designated competitive categories.
Sec. 522. Selected Reserve and Ready Reserve order to active duty to 
                            respond to a significant cyber incident.
Sec. 523. Mobilization of Selected Reserve for preplanned missions in 
                            support of the combatant commands.
Sec. 524. Alternating selection of officers of the National Guard and 
                            the Reserves as deputy commanders of 
                            certain combatant commands.
Sec. 525. Grade of Vice Chief of the National Guard Bureau.
      Subtitle C--General Service Authorities and Military Records

Sec. 531. Modification of limitation on enlistment and induction of 
                            persons whose score on the Armed Forces 
                            Qualification Test is below a prescribed 
                            level.
Sec. 532. Non-medical counseling services for military families.
Sec. 533. Primacy of needs of the service in determining individual 
                            duty assignments.
Sec. 534. Requirement to use qualifications, performance, and merit as 
                            basis for promotions, assignments, and 
                            other personnel actions.
Sec. 535. Requirement to base treatment in the military on merit and 
                            performance.
Sec. 536. Tiger team for outreach to former members.
Sec. 537. Diversity, equity, and inclusion personnel grade cap.
          Subtitle D--Military Justice and Other Legal Matters
